Question 1:
What does SELECT * do?
The SELECT * statement is used to retrieve all columns from a specified table. The asterisk (*) acts as a wildcard that means "all."

Question 2:
How do you filter rows?
You filter rows using the WHERE clause. The WHERE clause is placed after the FROM clause and specifies a condition that rows must meet to be included in the results.

Question 3:
What is LIKE '%value%'?
The LIKE operator is used in a WHERE clause for pattern matching in string (text) data. The percent sign (%) is a wildcard that matches zero or more characters.

Question 4:
What is BETWEEN used for?
The BETWEEN operator is used to select values within a specific range. It is inclusive, meaning it includes both the start and end values.

Question 5:
How do you limit output rows?
You limit the number of rows returned by a query using the LIMIT clause (in MySQL/PostgreSQL) or the TOP clause (in SQL Server).

Question 6:
Difference between = and IN
= (Equals): Use this to compare a column to a single value.

WHERE Country = 'Canada';

IN: Use this to check if a column's value matches any value in a list. It's shorthand for multiple OR conditions.

WHERE Country IN ('Canada', 'USA', 'Mexico');

This is the same as: WHERE Country = 'Canada' OR Country = 'USA' OR Country = 'Mexico';

Question 7:
How to sort in descending order? 
You sort results using the ORDER BY clause. To sort in descending (Z to A, 10 to 1) order, you add the DESC keyword after the column name

Question 8:
What is aliasing? 
Aliasing is giving a temporary, alternative name to a column or a table within your query. This is done using the AS keyword (though AS is often optional). Aliases make queries shorter and results more readable.

Question 9:
Explain DISTINCT 
The DISTINCT keyword is used with SELECT to remove duplicate rows from the result set. It ensures that every row returned is unique.

Question 10:
What is the default sort order? 
The default sort order for an ORDER BY clause is ascending (A to Z, 1 to 10). This is represented by the ASC keyword, which is optional because it's the default.
